feat: support new tags attribute in cluster, advanced_cluster, and serverless_instance (#1461)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/r/advanced_cluster.html.markdown

* `encryption_at_rest_provider` - (Optional) Possible values are AWS, GCP, AZURE or NONE.  Only needed if you desire to manage the keys, see [Encryption at Rest using Customer Key Management](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/security-kms-encryption/) for complete documentation.  You must configure encryption at rest for the Atlas project before enabling it on any cluster in the project. For Documentation, see [AWS](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/security-aws-kms/), [GCP](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/security-kms-encryption/) and [Azure](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/security-azure-kms/#std-label-security-azure-kms). Requirements are if `replication_specs.#.region_configs.#.<type>Specs.instance_size` is M10 or greater and `backup_enabled` is false or omitted.   

> * `tags` - (Optional) Configuration for the collection of key-value pairs that tag and categorize the cluster. See [below](#tags).
> * `labels` - (Optional) Configuration for the collection of key-value pairs that tag and categorize the cluster. See [below](#labels). **DEPRECATED** Use `tags` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional) List that contains key-value pairs between 1 to 255 characters in length for tagging and categorizing the serverless instance. See [tags](#tags).
* `labels` - (Optional) Configuration for the collection of key-value pairs that tag and categorize the cluster. See [labels](#labels). **DEPRECATED** Use `tags` instead.
```

* `transaction_lifetime_limit_seconds` - (Optional) Lifetime, in seconds, of multi-document transactions. Defaults to 60 seconds.

### Tags

 ```terraform
 tags {
        key   = "Key 1"
        value = "Value 1"
  }
 tags {
        key   = "Key 2"
        value = "Value 2"
  }
```

>  Key-value pairs used for tagging and categorizing the cluster. Each key and value has a maximum length of 255 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Key-value pairs between 1 to 255 characters in length for tagging and categorizing the cluster.
```

* `key` - (Required) Constant that defines the set of the tag.
* `value` - (Required) Variable that belongs to the set of the tag.

> For additional information you can reference [Resource Tags](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/tags/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, see [Resource Tags](https://dochub.mongodb.org/core/add-cluster-tag-atlas).
```

### labels

> **WARNING:** This property is deprecated and will be removed by November 2023, use `tags` attribute instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**WARNING:** This property is deprecated and will be removed by November 2023, use the `tags` attribute instead.
```
